Translation corrections (#493)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_003.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100231", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「巴ちゃんは腐っても、警察庁の広域捜査官の肩書きをお持ちなんでしょう？",

> 			NULL, "\"Even if your skills have dulled, you are still certified the National Police Agency's wide area investigator, right?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Even if your skills have dulled, you're still certified by the National Police Agency as a wide area investigator, right?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500262", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「真面目にやる気がないんでしたら、自分はここで失礼しますよ？！」",

> 			NULL, "\"If you're not going to take this seriously, then I'll be taking my leave here!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"If you're not going to take this seriously, then I'll be taking my leave right here!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rさすがに声は抑えているが、青筋の浮かんだこめかみを押さえながら、憤怒もあらわに南井警部はぎろっ！　と睨んでくる。…正面の私に。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "さすがに声は抑えているが、青筋の浮かんだこめかみを押さえながら、憤怒もあらわに南井警部はぎろっ！　と睨んでくる。…正面の私に。",

> 			NULL, "Chief Inspector Minai kept her voice down, sticking to her professionalism, but held a hand to her forehead where a blue vein was emerging and she glared... directly at me in rage.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Chief Inspector Minai kept her voice down, sticking to her professionalism, but held a hand to her forehead where a blue vein was emerging and she glared in rage... directly at me.", Line_Normal);
```

//r何しろ、倫理の限界に挑戦するかのような寸法と、明らかに『そっち』系を意識したデザインは目を向けるだけでも赤面してしまう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "何しろ、倫理の限界に挑戦するかのような寸法と、明らかに『そっち』系を意識したデザインは目を向けるだけでも赤面してしまう。",

> 			NULL, "It seemed the cut was engineered to challenge the limits of ethics, and were so clearly designed to attract <i>that</i> crowd, making me blush just by looking their way.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It seemed the cut was engineered to challenge the limits of ethics, and they were so clearly designed to attract <i>that</i> crowd, it made me blush just looking their way.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

	DrawScene("background/res2", 1000 );

//rまた、メニューを開いてさらに愕然。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "また、メニューを開いてさらに愕然。",

> 			NULL, "And the menu was also a shock.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And the menu was shocking too.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"And most importantly, this huge strawberry looks so juicy!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100246", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　…こりゃ、そこいらの店で売ってるもんじゃありませんね？」",

> 			NULL, " ...This isn't the kind they sell in the shop in my area, is it?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...They don't sell this variety at the shop in my area, do they?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100250", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁまぁ、巴ちゃん。",
			NULL, "\"Now now, Tomoe-chan.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100251", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ほら、よくいうでしょ？",
			NULL, " Isn't there a thing they always say?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100252", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　『木を隠すなら森の中』ってね。こういう場所で話すほうが、意外にわからないものなんですよ？」",

> 			NULL, " \"Hiding the trees in the forest\". No one would expect us to discuss this in a place like this, right?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " \"Hiding the trees in the forest\". No one would expect us to have a discussion in a place like this, right?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…などといった意味不明な会話だったが、明らかに暗号や符丁の類ではなさそうだったので、精神安定上聞き流すことにする。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…などといった意味不明な会話だったが、明らかに暗号や符丁の類ではなさそうだったので、精神安定上聞き流すことにする。",

> 			NULL, "...Their meaningless conversations went on and on like that. It obviously wasn't some cipher or code, so I'll pretend not to hear it for the sake of my sanity.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Their meaningless conversations went on and on like that. It obviously wasn't some cipher or code, so for the sake of my sanity I'll pretend not to hear it.", Line_Normal);
```

//rその行き先は、垣内サービスエリア。看護師の鷹野三四焼殺事件の現場が最初に目撃された場所だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その行き先は、垣内サービスエリア。看護師の鷹野三四焼殺事件の現場が最初に目撃された場所だ。",

> 			NULL, "We were traveling to the Kakiuchi Service Area, the place where the location of nurse Miyo Takano's burned corpse was first witnessed.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "We were traveling to the Kakiuchi Service Area, the location where the nurse Miyo Takano's burned corpse was first witnessed.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私が『すごい』といった感嘆には、南井警部が自分よりもまず、部下や同僚たちをどれだけ誇りにしているかを、今の言葉で感じたことも含まれていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私が『すごい』といった感嘆には、南井警部が自分よりもまず、部下や同僚たちをどれだけ誇りにしているかを、今の言葉で感じたことも含まれていた。",

> 			NULL, "Part of what I thought was \"amazing\" was how I could feel how proud Chief Inspector Minai was of her subordinates and colleagues over herself.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Part of what I thought was \"amazing\" was how proud Chief Inspector Minai was of her subordinates and colleagues, over herself.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r結果や報酬ではなく、自分の環境や仲間たちを自慢にできることは、本当に幸せだと思う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "結果や報酬ではなく、自分の環境や仲間たちを自慢にできることは、本当に幸せだと思う。",

> 			NULL, "She see truly happy to be able to boast about her own coworkers and environment, rather than her own results and awards.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "She seemed truly happy to boast about her coworkers and environment, rather than her own results and awards.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"I visited a few houses in Umayado Town.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000404", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "どこも留守でしたが、畠山という家ではかろうじて、家の人の顔を見ることができました。",

> 			NULL, " Most of them were out, but I did manage to meet a few people of this family called the Hatakeyamas.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Most of them were out, but I did manage to meet a few people from this family called the Hatakeyamas.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r大石さんは乾いた笑い声を上げる。その様子から、彼のほうもほぼ同じ憂き目に遭ったことがうかがえた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "大石さんは乾いた笑い声を上げる。その様子から、彼のほうもほぼ同じ憂き目に遭ったことがうかがえた。",

> 			NULL, "Ooishi-san let out a dry laugh. It seemed like he'd been through virtually the same thing as me.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Ooishi-san let out a dry laugh. It seemed like he'd been through virtually the same thing.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100324", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あぁ、アレですか。",
			NULL, "\"Aah, you mean those?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100325", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "赤坂さんも見たんですね」",

> 			NULL, " So you saw them too, huh Akasaka-san?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So you saw them too, huh, Akasaka-san?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Yeah, it was.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500332", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "今日は留守も含めて６件回ってきました。",

> 			NULL, " I handled six houses today, including the ones with no one home.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I handled six houses today, including the vacant ones.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500355", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「要請を受けて保健所には連絡したんですが、…鳥だと食用の場合もありますから、注意くらいしかできないそうです。",

> 			NULL, "\"I reported it to the public health center... but they said they couldn't do more but give them a warning, since the birds were edible animals.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I reported it to the public health center... but they said they couldn't do more than give them a warning, since the birds were edible animals.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//rそれを聞いて、あの何かを伝えたいように顔を上げていた、幼い少女の顔を思い出す。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それを聞いて、あの何かを伝えたいように顔を上げていた、幼い少女の顔を思い出す。",

> 			NULL, "Hearing that reminded me of the look on the face of the little girl who looked up at me like she wanted to tell me something.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Hearing that reminded me of the look on the face of the little girl who gazed up at me like she wanted to tell me something.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500376", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「本当は今日、センターに戻る予定だったのですが、…明日に延期したようですね。",
			NULL, "\"Actually, he was originally scheduled to return to the center today... but it seems they put it off until tomorrow.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500377", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "今の状態で戻せば最悪、入所を拒否される可能性もありますから」",

> 			NULL, " If he tries to return to the center in his current state, there's a possibility they'll refuse entry, you see..\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " If he tries to return to the center in his current state, there's a possibility they'll refuse entry, you see.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"No, not at all.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000454", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…大石さん、南井警部のお父さんは亡くなられたのですか？」",

> 			NULL, " ...Ooishi-san, is Chief Inspector Minai's father dead?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...Ooishi-san, did Chief Inspector Minai's father pass away?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500401", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…菅谷は、私が調査に行ったところです。",

> 			NULL, "\"...Sugaya was where I visited during my investigation today.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...I visited Sugaya during my investigation today.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
